Design Process: 
This homework was very time consuming and took a long time just to understand
the problem.  

In the beginning, I didn't understand the full problem so I designed it bottom
up. As I wrote function to perform smaller tasks, I gradually gained a better
understanding of the overall problem. 

My design was to first find all the matching prefixes and their derivations
given an input. I did this by taking the starting symbol using the production
function to find its alternative list. I replaced the symbol with all the
phrases in the alternative list to get more lists. Then for each of these 
lists, if they have a nonterminal symbol, I found the alternative list for
the first nonterminal symbol and created even more lists. At the same time,
I kept track of the derivation for each list by passing the derivation and
corresponding list around as a pair. During this process, and lists that are
a certain length longer than the inputted fragment are discarded. I also
initially converted the list of strings to a list of symbols and then 
converted the symbols back to strings when I getting a suffix to pass to the
acceptor. This was just to make it easier to work with the symbols in the 
alternative lists.

After I got my list of pairs of derivations and matching prefixes, I converted
it to a list of pairs of derivations and suffixes. Then I took this list an 
and passed the pairs of derivations and suffixes to the given acceptor and
returned the first accepted pair, otherwise none. 

The alternative I considered was to find each derivation and matching prefix
and testing them right away by getting the corresponding suffix and passing 
them to the acceptor. This would be faster, but I also thought it would
be more confusing to implement so I decided to just find all of them first
and then test them one at a time.

However, after implementing it with my initial design, it took over 30 minutes
for it to pass test4. Changing implementation to testing matching prefixes 
immediately was very quick (around 10 minutes) and then it ran all the test 
cases in around 30 seconds.

Discarding lists of symbols that are longer than the inputted fragment can 
cause a problem if nonterminal symbols have an alternative list that includes
an empty list. To give myself a little flexibility, I discard lists once they
are more than two longer than the inputted fragment. I considered comparing
the number of terminal symbols in the two lists instead of their absolute 
lengths, but this had the drawback of not handling non-tail recursion and 
blind alleys. In these cases, the lists would keep getting longer 
indefinitely, but by checking the absolute lengths I could discard them. I 
also checked for when a symbol is replaced just by itself, because the length
check wouldn't catch this and the program would never finish. I tested a simple
case of non-tail recursion in my test_1 adding an extra rule 
Expr -> [N Expr; N Term; N Binop]. In this case, N Expr is continuously gets
replaced by this new rule, but eventually the length is too long and it will 
be discarded. In my next test case I modified awkish_grammar in order to test
for blind alleys and the case of Sym -> [N Sym]. I added the following rules:
Expr -> [[N Temp; N Expr];[N Expr]] 
Temp -> [[N Temp]]
Temp is a blind alley because it will never lead to terminable symbols. 

An example of a test case that would fail is if a list is longer than the 
inputted fragment, but some of the symbols have rules that are the empty list.
The list will be discarded even though it would have shortened and possibly 
been a matching prefix.  

I thought about handling blind alleys by using my code from HW1, but I didn't
know how to convert the HW2 style grammar to HW1 style grammar. 